Adjust code examples to follow SamplePlugin style (#93)
goatcorp/dalamud-docs: docs/plugin-development/interaction/calling-game-code.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

# Note 

> 
> There is multiple ways of interacting with Dalamud offered services.  
> All examples here are based on `[PluginService]` living inside the 
> IDalamudPlugin class, see
> [SamplePlugin/Plugin.cs](https://github.com/goatcorp/SamplePlugin/blob/master/SamplePlugin/Plugin.cs)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note 

There are multiple ways of interacting with Dalamud-offered services.  
All examples here require the corresponding `[PluginService]`s to be present in your `Plugin`; see
[SamplePlugin/Plugin.cs](https://github.com/goatcorp/SamplePlugin/blob/master/SamplePlugin/Plugin.cs) for an example.

```
